---
title: "starting-out-small"
date: 2025-01-21
---

i'm learning that 9 times out of 10, it is better to start a project/goal/endeavor and make it poorly, so as to get the skeleton built and the juices flowing. you will almost never be fully prepared or educated enough or have enough certifications/credentials to pursue the projects you want to pursue; half of the learning is done in actually experiencing what it is like to work through a problem and learn on the go. i don't want to continue pushing my projects' "start date" to some indeterminable time in the future simply because i don't feel ready or smart or capable of doing it today. building this website is one of those things that i've been waiting on because i didn't feel like i had the complete idea finished in my head, but the truth is that even if you think you have a plan, your vision can change; if your vision persists, then the nature of your medium might change; if the nature of your medium stays the same, then some circumstances in your life may change which might derail you from the project entirely.

"perfection" is a myth, a utopia that we often create in our minds as an escape from reality, a situation which would occur "if only" every single variable in life was set in a particular way. but i think that perfection and faultless precision are not, and should not, be the goals of creating something. the ultimate "goal" of creating something (not that there necessarily has to be one; i am a believer of doing things just for the sake of doing, sometimes) is that you express your inner world and try to break down the walls that stand between your ideas and the consciousness/perception of other people. expressing yourself, in my opinion, is one of the greatest acts of vulnerability that one can take as a human being; to suppress yourself, to prevent yourself from creating and expressing the depths of your inner mind is not only doing a disservice to yourself, but also doing a disservice to other people in the world whose inner worlds are begging to feel inspired and/or be seen and validated. humans are social creatures after all, or so they say. (whoever "they" are.)

as of right now - as in tuesday, january 21st, 2025, 1:25AM PST, right now - i don't know html, i don't really know what i want this site to look like -- and i don't really know anything, really. but i'll figure it out as i go because i'd rather try and have a hard time progressing than do nothing and wonder what would've happened if i had just put myself out there. 

you can do anything that you put your mind to; if you see it happening for someone else, that is proof enough that it can happen for you, too <3
